- COLE: Jodie!
My little princess!
Ohhh...
Let me look at you, girl!
Oh my god, what a beautiful
young woman you've become.
Just as pretty as ever.
But sad...
And lost.
Like the first time I saw you.
- JODIE: I can't even imagine
how much I missed you.
- COLE: And...
How's Aiden?
(AIDEN REPLIES)
Oh yeah...
Good to see you too, buddy.
- JODIE: Walk with me?
- COLE: Yeah.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
I was worried.
- JODIE: I had to run away.
I mean, I had no choice.
How's Nathan?
- COLE: Aw, he's the big boss now.
He's running the DPA.
He's come a long way
since the day of our little lab.
- JODIE: And you?
What're you working on?
- COLE: I'm running a small group.
We're trying to classify the types of entities,
see if there are different species,
That kind of thing.
It's not the highest priority
but I get to do what I want, so.
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES)
Have they made any progress
on the Infraworld?
- COLE: Oh, they've sunk millions
into developing a new condenser.
The most powerful ever created.
Of course, that was only possible
once the army got involved.
- JODIE: What I talked to you about...
Did you find out anything?
- COLE: (SIGHS)
On the day you were born,
a woman named Norah Gray...
...had a child in the DPA hospital.
The child was declared... still born.
- JODIE: And the father?
Did you learn anything about him?
- COLE: His name was Jonathan Nichols.
He died before the birth.
Heart failure.
That's all I could find.
- JODIE: What else did you learn about her?
- COLE: Not much.
All I know is that she took part in a DPA
research programme some 20 years back.
She also had a gift.
- JODIE: Where's Norah now?
- COLE: She was interned.
In a psychiatric hospital.
Just after she gave birth.
According to her file,
she should still be there now.
- JODIE: My mother has been in a...
a mental hospital for 24 years?
I mean, why? What happened?
- COLE: That's all the file said.
I'm so sorry.
- JODIE: I've gotta go see her.
- COLE: Jodie, I know how you feel, but...
She's in a mental hospital.
You might not get the answers
you're looking for.
- JODIE: I'm not looking for answers!
I just need to see her.
I mean, don't you understand?
She's my mother.
If I look her in the eyes,
I could find out who I truly am.
- COLE: Jodie.
She's in a high security DPA facility
and you're wanted...
By every law enforcement agency
in the country.
You won't be able to walk right in.
- JODIE: Nothing's gonna stop me
from seeing her.
Look.
You've taken a huge risk helping me.
Thank you, Cole.
- COLE: Hey.
You didn't think I was gonna
let you go alone, did you?
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES)
(RAINING SOUND)
- COLE: I don't like it, Jodie.
No guard on gate.
Empty parking lot.
Something doesn't feel right.
- JODIE: If I'm not back
in 30 minutes, just go.
- COLE: Girl, I ain't come here
to wait in no car.
- JODIE: Cole, Cole wait!
(THUNDERING NOISES)
- COLE: (WHISPERS)
Try the polite approach.
Gets 'em every time.
- JODIE: Hey, um,
I've come to see Norah Gray.
- RECEPTIONIST: Can I see
your authorisation?
- JODIE: I mean, we can go without
authorisations this time?
I mean, maybe we can just...
...come to some kind of an arrangement?
- RECEPTIONIST: I'm sorry, all visitors
must have the correct authorisation.
- COLE: Hey, we don't know
which room she's in.
- JODIE: I'll find out.
(TYPING ON KEYBOARD SOUND)
Found her!
Norah Gray, seventh floor, room 43.
- COLE: So far so good.
- JODIE: (GASPS)
- COLE: What now?
- JODIE: Aiden.
Find a way to open that door.
Crap.
You gotta distract the guard first.
(TYPING ON KEYBOARD SOUND)
Nice Aiden!
Now unlock the door.
Come on.
There must be something.
Oh... he's too far away.
(SNORING SOUND)
- COLE: Ah... Jesus...
Crazy folk really freak me out.
Can we find room 43
and get the hell out of here?
- JODIE: Cole.
Found it.
- COLE: I'll wait here.
Jodie.
She may have lost her mind.
She might not even know you're there.
Maybe you shouldn't go in.
(HEART RATE MONITOR BEEPS)
- JODIE: Mom, it's me.
Jodie.
I'm your daughter.
Help me, Aiden.
(AIDEN RESPONSES)
- MAN: Well done, Norah.
The mother and the father both gifted.
Do you realise how important this baby is?
You won't be able to, Norah.
Let us take care of everything.
It's for the best, you know that.
- NORAH: My baby!
Bring it back! I've changed my mind!
I want my baby!
- MAN 2: Sedate her quickly!
Get the baby outta here!
Please! I WANNA SEE HER!!!!!!!
(BLURRING WORDS)
I want my child...
Please! Let me see her!
- MAN: She may develop some...
"special" abilities.
Let us know as soon as anything...
unusual happens.
Increase the dose.
Make sure she never regains consciousness.
- JODIE: (CRIES) I'm sorry!
(CRIES) I'm sorry!
It was my fault.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
(SOBBING)
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
What Aiden?
What're you tryinna show me?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Destroy this thing, Aiden.
Do it now!
- NORAH: My little girl!
My little girl!
I was so afraid
that I would never see you again.
I've missed you so much, Jodie.
I've missed you so much.
- JODIE: What happened?
What did they do to you?
- NORAH: The drugs they gave me...
...trapped me in this hell.
Just nothing... Nothing I can do.
Just wait for it to end.
- JODIE: I'm gonna...
I'm gonna get you outta here.
I'm gonna help you!
- NORAH: It's too late, Jodie.
It's too late.
I love you.
More than anything else in the world.
Nothing will ever change that.
- JODIE: MOM!
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
(HEARTBEAT SPEEDS UP)
(HEART STOPS BEATING)
(SNIFFLING)
- NORAH: I'll always be with you.
- JODIE: (SOBBING)
- COLE: I'm sorry, Jodie.
- JODIE: (GROANS)
- NATHAN: The most powerful condeser
ever created.
Impressive, isn't it?
- JODIE: Nathan!
- NATHAN: Jodie!
It's good to see you.
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES)
- NATHAN: I was so afraid
something happened to you.
You've lost weight.
You look exhausted.
But at least you're alive.
Let's go in to my office.
Please, have a seat.
How do you feel?
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES) Um...
I've been better.
That hit on the head did not help.
- NATHAN: Ah, I'm sorry.
I told them not to hurt you.
They just didn't wanna
give you a chance to use Aiden.
- JODIE: What happened
to my mother, Nathan?
- NATHAN: Norah...
...was unstable.
They were afraid she was a dangerous
to herself and her baby.
- JODIE: My mother would never hurt me.
- NATHAN: They couldn't take that chance, look.
I was a researcher at the DPA, Jodie.
I didn't discover
until much later what happened.
- JODIE: Where's Cole?
- NATHAN: He's at home. He's fine.
I know he was trying to help you.
Don't worry. There won't be any
consequences from last night.
- JODIE: Why all the lies, Nathan?
Those... people
pretending to be my parents.
- NATHAN: The DPA thought you needed
a stable emotional environment.
A home, loving parents, some semblance of a normal life.
Whatever would help us study you in the right conditions.
- JODIE: Study me?
Study ME?
(SCOFFS) What was I to you, Nathan?
A little... lab rat?
I was just a girl, for fuck's sakes.
I was just a little girl!
- NATHAN: No, you were the link!
The link between our world and the Infraworld.
You're everything we've ever dreamt of.
- JODIE: (SCOFFS)
So now what?
You're just gonna hand me back to the CIA.
Is that the plan, Nathan?
- NATHAN: They brought you here because they have something
for you to do and they'd be very greatful if you do it.
- JODIE: You're asking me to help
the people who wanted to kill me?
Is that what you're asking me, Nathan?
- NATHAN: Listen, Jodie...
- JODIE: Why should I listen to you?
You work for them!
And you lied to me about my mother
and my parents and for what?
The money or the power or the fame?
- NATHAN: Oh stop that, Jodie.
You know that's not true!
- JODIE: I know nothing anymore.
- NATHAN: We know another country's
discovered the Infraworld.
They think it's something
to be controlled or manipulated.
They have no idea
what they're dealing with.
If entities enter our world,
do you know what that would mean, Jodie?
- JODIE: What is all this got to do with me?
- NATHAN: Because you know the Infraworld
better than anyone.
- JODIE: It's the CIA's job.
And I'm done with that.
- NATHAN: They wanna offer you a deal.
You do this for them...
And they'll let you out, you're free.
Jodie, you know what would happen
if the passage is opened.
It'll be the apocalypse.
You have the power to stop this.